Menu
Home
FAQs 
Information
> Wedding itinerary
> Travel + accommodations
> Things to do


RSVP
Contact
> About us
> Registry
> Get in touch






Home


Like two stars in the vastness of space


Adrien & Michael


Join them under the high desert moon


Friday
September 25, 2026
Santa Fe · New Mexico
5pm
Ceremony
New Mexico
Museum of Art
7pm
Reception
Meow Wolf


( Note: this is a 21+ journey )
FAQs
When do I need to RSVP by? 
We need your response no later than August 28th. Have an exception? Contact us.


Is the wedding indoors or outdoors?
The ceremony is outdoors, in the courtyard of the New Mexico Museum of Art. 
The reception is indoors at Meow Wolf.


Late September highs in Santa Fe typically average in the 70s, while lows can get down to 50 at night. We advise dressing in layers for comfort.


What’s the dress code?
Dressy-fabulous: Think cocktail attire, but we encourage you to pull out that one item out of your closet you can never find the occasion to wear ;)


Footwear: We encourage you to wear flat shoes in Meow Wolf as there are a lot of small spaces, awkward steps, and varied surfaces. You’re more than welcome to show up in your favorite sneakers.


Please do not wear: Crocs, Disney characters, birkenstocks, or sandals with socks. No exceptions.


How do I get to and from the wedding venues?
Good luck! (JK I’ll actually write something here)


The drive from downtown Santa Fe to Meow Wolf takes approximately 20 minutes depending on traffic. Meow Wolf has plenty of free parking.


Please note that rideshare options at night are limited in Santa Fe and not guaranteed.


What time should I arrive for the ceremony?
Please arrive at the New Mexico Museum of Art no later than 5pm.


What time should I arrive for the reception?
Doors to Meow Wolf will open at 7pm. Please arrive on-time to welcome the bride and groom.  


What if I have food allergies or dietary restrictions?


Our RSVP includes a section for meal selection, along with dietary restriction and allergies. For those who responded to our Save the Date, we have noted your allergies and communicated them to our caterer.  


NOTE: We take allergies very seriously! If cross-contamination poses an issue or your allergy is severe, please let us know!


Are children allowed?
Both the wedding ceremony and reception are 21+ only.


Wait a minute…I thought you guys were married already?
Nope! We figured after 11 years, we might as well spring for the tax break.
Information
> Wedding itinerary
> Travel + accommodations
For first-time travelers: please be aware that Santa Fe is 7,000-7,500 above sea level! The high altitude can cause fatigue and headache. We advise that people arrive at least one full day before the wedding so they can adjust. (And don’t forget to stay hydrated!)


For those arriving from out of town, there are two airports that you can fly into: Albuquerque International Sunport, and the Santa Fe Regional airport.


* Recommended: Albuquerque Int’l is 60 miles from Santa Fe and has the most options for flights. There are several options for getting from ABQ to SF, including car rentals, regular shuttles, and the Rail Runner.
   * You can find transportation options on the ABQ airport’s website here. 
      * Please note: the Rail Runner does not connect to the airport. If you want to take the train into Santa Fe, you will need to either take the bus or a short Uber/Lyft from the airport to the Bernalillo County train station.
      * To find out more about the Rail Runner, visit RioMetro.org.
   * There is also a $70 shuttle service that runs back and forth from downtown Santa Fe to the Albuquerque, which you can book here. 
* The Santa Fe Regional Airport is about 10 miles from the city center. Transportation into the city can be limited, especially at night, so we encourage you to schedule car rentals, shuttles, or pick-up in advance. While rideshare has gotten better in Santa Fe over the past few years, it is not guaranteed! 
   * You can find transportation options on the airport’s website here.


> Things to do in Santa Fe
Details to come…
RSVP
Michael Schoenfelder’s and Adrien Warner’s wedding is Friday, September 25th 2026 in Santa Fe, New Mexico. The ceremony begins at 5pm at the New Mexico Museum of Art, after which the reception will take place at Meow Wolf: House of Eternal Return from 7pm to midnight.


Will you be attending? Yes / No


Please list your first and last name, along with the first and last names of any additional attendees in your party*. [Short entry]


*This should reflect the names listed on your invite. If you have questions, please contact us. 


Please select your meal preference below:


[Chicken]
[Vegetarian]


Do you have a dairy allergy? Yes / No
Do you have a gluten allergy? Yes / No


Please select your guest’s meal preference:


[Chicken]
[Vegetarian]


Does your guest have a dairy allergy? Yes / No
Does your guest have a gluten allergy? Yes / No


Are you or anyone else in your party allergic to any other ingredients? If so, please list them and specify who has the allergy. Otherwise, leave this blank. [Short entry]


Is there anything else we should know?
Contact


[Name]


[Your email]


[Message]


[Send]
> About us


History


Michael and Adrien met thirteen years ago — in March of 2013 — at a level 1 improv class at the Brody Theater in Portland, Oregon. They were both immediately smitten with each other. But it wasn’t until a year and a half’s worth of classes, performances, and late-night hangouts later that they confessed their feelings one warm September evening. They’ve been inseparable ever since.


The proposal (?)


Gallery (?)
> Registry


We’re old, we’ve got too much shit, and we don’t need a blender. Please instead consider donating to one of our charities of choice below, or towards a down payment for a future home. (If you choose the latter, you get to visit us!)
> Get in touch
Have a question? Reach out to us at michaelandadrien4ever at gmail.com